Create Python term entries for `.remove()` and `.rmdir()` (#646)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/file-methods/terms/rmdir/rmdir.md

---
Title: '.rmdir()'
Description: 'Allows the user to delete a folder.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Files'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The Python `.rmdir()` method allows the user to delete a folder if it exists in the system or computer and does not contain other folders or files. This method is provided by the `os` module which must be imported beforehand.

## Syntax

```pseudo
os.rmdir("foldername")
```

Files can be removed using the [`.remove()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/file-methods/remove) method.

## Example

> Use `.rmdir()` to delete the **myfolder** folder:

Reviewer: Same comment as files. Entry should mention folder paths, and what context the command is running under if used without a path.

---
Title: '.rmdir()'
Description: 'Allows the user to delete a folder.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Files'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The Python `.rmdir()` method allows the user to delete a folder if it exists in the system or computer and does not contain other folders or files. This method is provided by the `os` module which must be imported beforehand.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

**Note**  A `FileNotFoundError` is raised if the directory is not found or isn't in the current directory.

```

---
Title: '.rmdir()'

> Description: 'Allows the user to delete a folder.'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Description: 'Allows the user to delete a folder if it exists.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Files'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The Python `.rmdir()` method allows the user to delete a folder if it exists in the system or computer and does not contain other folders or files. This method is provided by the `os` module which must be imported beforehand.

> **Note**  A `FileNotFoundError` is raised if the directory is not found or isn't in the current directory.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: A `FileNotFoundError` is raised if the directory is not found or isn't in the current directory.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> os.rmdir("foldername")

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
os.rmdir("folder_name")
```

os.rmdir("folder_path")
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

The `.rmdir()` method works in the following ways:

```

> - A folder that is passed into `.rmdir()` will be successfully deleted if it exists in the current directory.
> - A folder's path can also be passed into `.rmdir()` if it's outside the current directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A `"folder_name"` that will be successfully deleted if the folder exists in the current directory.
- A `"folder_path"` can also be passed if it exists outside of the current directory.
```

---
Title: '.rmdir()'
Description: 'Allows the user to delete a folder if it exists.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Files'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The Python `.rmdir()` method allows the user to delete a folder if it exists in the system or computer and does not contain other folders or files.

**Note**: A `FileNotFoundError` is raised if the directory is not found.

## Syntax

This method is provided by the `os` module which must be imported beforehand.

```pseudo

> os.rmdir("folder_name")

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
import os

os.rmdir("folder_name")
```

os.rmdir("folder_path")
```

The `.rmdir()` method works in the following ways:

- A `"folder_name"` that will be successfully deleted if the folder exists in the current directory.
- A `"folder_path"` can also be passed if it exists outside of the current directory.

Files can be removed using the [`.remove()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/file-methods/remove) method.

## Example

Use `.rmdir()` to delete the **myfolder** folder:

> ```python

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```py
```
